Rename uploading content to file-type repositories (#4976)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_uploading-content-to-custom-file-repositories-by-using-cli.adoc

Reviewer: Can we reference the former chapter in _Additional resources_?

Author: Yes, added.

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="uploading-content-to-custom-file-repositories-by-using-cli"]
= Uploading content to {customfiletype} repositories by using Hammer CLI

[role="_abstract"]
You can upload content to {customfiletype} repositories by using Hammer CLI.

> Use this workflow if you cannot create a `PULP_MANIFEST` and synchronize your content from a local or remote repository to {Project}.

Reviewer 2: It's better to lead with the benefit, and we also avoid repeating the title in the next sentence. I don't like repeating it at all, it makes for a long sentence, but I can't think of a better way now.

```suggestion
If you cannot create a `PULP_MANIFEST` and synchronize your content from a local or remote repository to {Project}, you can manually upload content to a {customfiletype} repository.
```

Author: Applied.
